Update README.md (#3)
golemfactory/golemate: README.md

* Golem client address: 127.0.0.1, port 61001

## Example use

> You can transcode a chess position into `fen` format [here](https://lichess.org/editor), for instance. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can export a chess position to the FEN format using the [lichess.org editor](https://lichess.org/editor), for instance.
```
